{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red215\green0\blue143;\red31\green32\blue41;\red225\green226\blue231;
\red37\green144\blue141;\red69\green187\blue62;\red20\green156\blue146;\red211\green35\blue46;\red29\green169\blue162;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c84398\c0\c55980;\csgenericrgb\c12157\c12549\c16078;\csgenericrgb\c88217\c88535\c90427;
\csgenericrgb\c14440\c56530\c55465;\csgenericrgb\c26985\c73392\c24249;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c61177\c57255;\csgenericrgb\c82745\c13725\c18039;\csgenericrgb\c11560\c66089\c63506;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 class\cf4  BUBBLEandDEWPointAndCompositionsRaoultsLawViewController: \cf5 UIViewController\cf4  \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  ScrollView: \cf5 UIScrollView\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  menuButtonFromPengRob: \cf5 UIBarButtonItem\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  logButtonFromPengRob: \cf5 UIBarButtonItem\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField1: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 1 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField2: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 2 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField3: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 3 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField4: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 4 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField5: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 5 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField6: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 1 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField7: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 2 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField8: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 3 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField9: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 4 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myTextField10: \cf5 UITextField\cf4 ! \cf6 // component 5 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel1: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel2: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel3: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel4: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel5: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel6: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel7: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel8: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel9: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel10: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel11: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBOutlet\cf4  \cf2 weak\cf4  \cf2 var\cf4  myLabel12: \cf5 UILabel\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 override\cf4  \cf2 func\cf4  viewDidLoad() \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //----makes keyboard disappear by tapping anywhere (1of3)----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 super\cf4 .\cf5 viewDidLoad\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //Looks for single or multiple taps.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  tap: \cf5 UITapGestureRecognizer\cf4  = \cf5 UITapGestureRecognizer\cf4 (target: \cf2 self\cf4 , action: \cf2 #selector\cf4 (\cf5 UIInputViewController\cf4 .\cf5 dismissKeyboard\cf4 ))
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //Uncomment the line below if you want the tap not not interfere and cancel other interactions.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //tap.cancelsTouchesInView = false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 addGestureRecognizer\cf4 (tap)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //-----------------------------------------------------------
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 super\cf4 .\cf5 viewDidLoad\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // -----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  label = \cf5 UILabel\cf4 (frame: \cf5 CGRect\cf4 (x:\cf7 0\cf4 , y:\cf7 0\cf4 , width:\cf7 400\cf4 , height:\cf7 75\cf4 ))
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 backgroundColor\cf4  = .\cf5 white
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 numberOfLines\cf4  = \cf7 3
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 font\cf4  = \cf5 UIFont\cf4 .\cf5 boldSystemFont\cf4 (ofSize: \cf7 13.0\cf4 )
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 textAlignment\cf4  = .\cf5 center
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 textColor\cf4  = .\cf5 black
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         label.\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Raoult's Law - Bubble \\nand Dew Point with Compositions"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 navigationItem\cf4 .\cf5 titleView\cf4  = label
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // -----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // ########### SCROLLING (1of2)#########################
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 ScrollView\cf4 .\cf5 contentSize\cf4 .\cf5 height\cf4  = \cf7 2000
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 NotificationCenter\cf4 .\cf2 default\cf4 .\cf5 addObserver\cf4 (\cf2 self\cf4 , selector: \cf2 #selector\cf4 (\cf9 keyboardWillShow\cf4 ), name:\cf5 NSNotification\cf4 .\cf5 Name\cf4 .\cf5 UIKeyboardWillShow\cf4 , object: \cf2 nil\cf4 )
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 NotificationCenter\cf4 .\cf2 default\cf4 .\cf5 addObserver\cf4 (\cf2 self\cf4 , selector: \cf2 #selector\cf4 (\cf9 keyboardWillHide\cf4 ), name:\cf5 NSNotification\cf4 .\cf5 Name\cf4 .\cf5 UIKeyboardWillHide\cf4 , object: \cf2 nil\cf4 )
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // ################################################
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // ########### Menu (Tutorial) (3) ###############
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 sideMenus\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 customizeNavBar\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // ########### End Menu (Tutorial) (3) ###############
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //----makes keyboard disappear by tapping anywhere (3of3)----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 dismissKeyboard\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //-----------------------------------------------------------
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 // ########### SCROLLING (2of2) #########################
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @objc\cf4  \cf2 func\cf4  keyboardWillShow(notification:\cf5 NSNotification\cf4 )\{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //give room at the bottom of the scroll view, so it doesn't cover up anything the user needs to tap
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 var\cf4  userInfo = notification.\cf5 userInfo\cf4 !
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 var\cf4  keyboardFrame:\cf5 CGRect\cf4  = (userInfo[\cf5 UIKeyboardFrameBeginUserInfoKey\cf4 ] \cf2 as\cf4 ! \cf5 NSValue\cf4 ).\cf5 cgRectValue
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         keyboardFrame = \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 convert\cf4 (keyboardFrame, from: \cf2 nil\cf4 )
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 var\cf4  contentInset:\cf5 UIEdgeInsets\cf4  = \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf9 ScrollView\cf4 .\cf5 contentInset
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         contentInset.\cf5 bottom\cf4  = keyboardFrame.\cf5 size\cf4 .\cf5 height
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 ScrollView\cf4 .\cf5 contentInset\cf4  = contentInset
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @objc\cf4  \cf2 func\cf4  keyboardWillHide(notification:\cf5 NSNotification\cf4 )\{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  contentInset:\cf5 UIEdgeInsets\cf4  = \cf5 UIEdgeInsets\cf4 .\cf5 zero
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 ScrollView\cf4 .\cf5 contentInset\cf4  = contentInset
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 // ################################################
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 //----------
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 @IBAction\cf4  \cf2 func\cf4  myButton2(\cf2 _\cf4  sender: \cf2 Any\cf4 ) \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //NOTE: When copying and pasting a viewcontroller, I think you need to redo any buttons (eg. the calculate button). Need to control+drag to class
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 // buttons must be set to ACTION when you create them AMP 11182017
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel4\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel5\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel6\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel10\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel11\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf9 myLabel12\cf4 .\cf5 isHidden\cf4  = \cf2 false
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  firstValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 1 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  secondValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 2 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  thirdValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 3 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  fourthValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField4\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 4 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  fifthValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField5\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 5 mole fraction
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  sixthValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField6\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 1 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  seventhValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 2 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  eightValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 3 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  ninthValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 4 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 let\cf4  tenthValue = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf9 myTextField10\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4 !) \cf6 // component 5 saturation pressure
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 if\cf4  firstValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && secondValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && thirdValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && fourthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && fifthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && sixthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && seventhValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && eightValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && ninthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && tenthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! + secondValue! * seventhValue! + thirdValue! * eightValue! + fourthValue! * ninthValue! + fifthValue! * tenthValue!) \cf6 //ANSWER bubble point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * seventhValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * eightValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! * ninthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent5 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fifthValue! * tenthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf6 //----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! / ninthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant5 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fifthValue! / tenthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf7 1.0\cf4  / (DewPointConstant1 + DewPointConstant2 + DewPointConstant3 + DewPointConstant4 + DewPointConstant5)) \cf6 //ANSWER dew point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * DewPoint / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * DewPoint / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * DewPoint / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! * DewPoint / ninthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent5 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fifthValue! * DewPoint / tenthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf6 // ################################################
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Bubble Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel4\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel5\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 4 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent4\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel6\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 5 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent5\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf6 //================================================
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Dew Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel10\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel11\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 4 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent4\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 myLabel12\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 5 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent5\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf6 // ################################################
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4         \}\cf2 else\cf4 \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 if\cf4  firstValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && secondValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && thirdValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && fourthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && sixthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && seventhValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && eightValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && ninthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4            \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! + secondValue! * seventhValue! + thirdValue! * eightValue! + fourthValue! * ninthValue!) \cf6 //ANSWER bubble point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * seventhValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * eightValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! * ninthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf6 //===========================================
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! / ninthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf7 1.0\cf4  / (DewPointConstant1 + DewPointConstant2 + DewPointConstant3 + DewPointConstant4)) \cf6 //ANSWER dew point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * DewPoint / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * DewPoint / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * DewPoint / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent4 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (fourthValue! * DewPoint / ninthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Bubble Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel4\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel5\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 4 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent4\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Dew Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel10\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf9 myLabel11\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 4 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent4\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4               
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                   \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \}\cf2 else\cf4 \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \cf2 if\cf4  firstValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && secondValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && thirdValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && sixthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && seventhValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && eightValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! + secondValue! * seventhValue! + thirdValue! * eightValue!) \cf6 //ANSWER bubble point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * seventhValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * eightValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf6 //===========================================
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                    
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf7 1.0\cf4  / (DewPointConstant1 + DewPointConstant2 + DewPointConstant3)) \cf6 //ANSWER dew point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * DewPoint / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * DewPoint / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent3 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (thirdValue! * DewPoint / eightValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Bubble Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel4\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Dew Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf9 myLabel10\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 3 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent3\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \
\

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \}\cf2 else\cf4 \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                     \cf2 if\cf4  firstValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && secondValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && sixthValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  && seventhValue != \cf2 nil\cf4  \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! + secondValue! * seventhValue!) \cf6 //ANSWER bubble point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * sixthValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  BubblePointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * seventhValue! / BubblePoint)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf6 //===========================================
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointConstant2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  DewPoint = \cf5 Double\cf4 (\cf7 1.0\cf4  / (DewPointConstant1 + DewPointConstant2)) \cf6 //ANSWER dew point
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent1 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (firstValue! * DewPoint / sixthValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 let\cf4  DewPointCompositionForComponent2 = \cf5 Double\cf4 (secondValue! * DewPoint / seventhValue!)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Bubble Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Vapor Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 BubblePointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Dew Point = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPoint\cf8 ) kPa"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 1 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent1\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Liquid Component 2 = \cf4 \\\cf8 (\cf4 DewPointCompositionForComponent2\cf8 )"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                      
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \}\cf2 else\cf4 \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel1\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel2\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel3\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel4\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel5\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel6\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel7\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel8\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel9\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel10\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel11\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf9 myLabel12\cf4 .\cf5 text\cf4  = \cf8 "Hey! Enter a number!"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4                 
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 func\cf4  sideMenus() \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf2 if\cf4  \cf9 revealViewController\cf4 () != \cf2 nil\cf4 \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 menuButtonFromPengRob\cf4 .\cf5 target\cf4  = \cf9 revealViewController\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 menuButtonFromPengRob\cf4 .\cf5 action\cf4  = \cf2 #selector\cf4 (\cf9 SWRevealViewController\cf4 .revealToggle(\cf2 _\cf4 :))
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 revealViewController\cf4 ().\cf9 rearViewRevealWidth\cf4  = \cf7 275
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 revealViewController\cf4 ().\cf9 rightViewRevealWidth\cf4  = \cf7 160
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 logButtonFromPengRob\cf4 .\cf5 target\cf4  = \cf9 revealViewController\cf4 ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf9 logButtonFromPengRob\cf4 .\cf5 action\cf4  = \cf2 #selector\cf4 (\cf9 SWRevealViewController\cf4 .rightRevealToggle(\cf2 _\cf4 :))
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 addGestureRecognizer\cf4 (\cf2 self\cf4 .\cf9 revealViewController\cf4 ().\cf9 panGestureRecognizer\cf4 ())
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             \cf2 self\cf4 .\cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 ) \cf6 //makes keypad disappear after calculate button is pressed
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4             
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 // ------- Might be a redundant section (need too look up how to acccess func from a sidifferent class e.g. sideMenus() -------------
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 func\cf4  customizeNavBar() \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 navigationController\cf4 ?.\cf5 navigationBar\cf4 .\cf5 tintColor\cf4  = .\cf5 black\cf4  \cf6 //UIColor(colorLiteralRed: 0/255, green: 0/255, blue: 0/255, alpha: 1)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 navigationController\cf4 ?.\cf5 navigationBar\cf4 .\cf5 barTintColor\cf4  = .\cf5 white\cf4  \cf6 //UIColor(colorLiteralRed: 0/255, green: 0/255, blue: 0/255, alpha: 1)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 navigationController\cf4 ?.\cf5 navigationBar\cf4 .\cf5 isTranslucent\cf4  = \cf2 true\cf4  \cf6 // changing to "true", instead of "false" fixed the invisible space under navigation bar. It made the space go away.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 navigationController\cf4 ?.\cf5 navigationBar\cf4 .\cf5 titleTextAttributes\cf4  = [\cf5 NSAttributedStringKey\cf4 .\cf5 foregroundColor\cf4 : \cf5 UIColor\cf4 .\cf5 white\cf4 ]
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 // ------------------------------
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 //----makes keyboard disappear by tapping anywhere (2of3)----
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 //Calls this function when the tap is recognized.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf2 func\cf4  dismissKeyboard() \{
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf6 //Causes the view (or one of its embedded text fields) to resign the first responder status.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4         \cf5 view\cf4 .\cf5 endEditing\cf4 (\cf2 true\cf4 )
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \}
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     \cf6 //-----------------------------------------------
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4     
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf4 \}
\f1 \cf0 \
}